homepage/iot-industrial-product-line/nxp-imx8-based-products/imx8m-other-articles.md, before:

# i.MX8M Other Articles

(function(){ var data = { "addon\_key":"com.refinedwiki.confluence.cloud.refinedtheme", "uniqueKey":"com.refinedwiki.confluence.cloud.refinedtheme\_\_rw-ui-children9023115499746927012", "key":"rw-ui-children", "moduleType":"dynamicContentMacros", "moduleLocation":"content", "cp":"/wiki", "general":"", "w":"", "h":"", "url":"https://refinedtheme-production.refinedwiki.com/macros/ui-children?spaceKey=developer&macroId=a422e814-8666-4f73-be6d-6ad866c91100&displayMode=&pageId=286982191&page=&xdm\_e=https%3A%2F%2Fdeveloper.resources.solid-run.com&xdm\_c=channel-com.refinedwiki.confluence.cloud.refinedtheme\_\_rw-ui-children9023115499746927012&cp=%2Fwiki&xdm\_deprecated\_addon\_key\_do\_not\_use=com.refinedwiki.confluence.cloud.refinedtheme&lic=active&userAccess=true&cv=1000.0.0-e251f888cf33&traceId=1bdc84e143fba9fe1495dbf857cff8c2&spanId=7406f217edcfd9b9&traceSampled=0&jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiI2MTY1NjY5Mjc4ZTVlNDAwNzBkMjlkMTciLCJxc2giOiJjMWFkNWQwMDFlY2ZmYmVhZDU4YmMyMDM3NmI0MjNjMWFjYjY0NDBkZjcyNmNiYzI5NTAyNjNjNGEwMjlhZTc0IiwiaXNzIjoiODU3ZDFjMTgtMGNiZS0zZWIyLTk5NTQtMTk1OTBmODRmNDJkIiwiY29udGV4dCI6e30sImV4cCI6MTc2ODEyMzUyMSwiaWF0IjoxNzY4MTIzMzQxfQ.TR36Uiu-TpvdiNlS-0OsCxOxqWIY4uX81i\_0AixHbAA", "contextJwt": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.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.f\_BnTBPjU7Ry-NkkQ\_-bevjKWo86lIXz9aZFEHOGa3w", "structuredContext": "{\\"license\\":{\\"active\\":true},\\"confluence\\":{\\"editor\\":{\\"version\\":\\"v2\\"},\\"macro\\":{\\"outputType\\":\\"email\\",\\"hash\\":\\"a422e814-8666-4f73-be6d-6ad866c91100\\",\\"id\\":\\"a422e814-8666-4f73-be6d-6ad866c91100\\"},\\"tracing\\":{\\"traceId\\":\\"1bdc84e143fba9fe1495dbf857cff8c2\\",\\"spanId\\":\\"7406f217edcfd9b9\\",\\"sampled\\":\\"0\\"},\\"content\\":{\\"type\\":\\"page\\",\\"version\\":\\"1\\",\\"id\\":\\"286982191\\"},\\"space\\":{\\"key\\":\\"developer\\",\\"id\\":\\"197689291\\"}},\\"url\\":{\\"displayUrl\\":\\"https://developer.resources.solid-run.com/wiki\\"}}", "contentClassifier":"content", "productCtx":"{\\"page.id\\":\\"286982191\\",\\"macro.hash\\":\\"a422e814-8666-4f73-be6d-6ad866c91100\\",\\"space.key\\":\\"developer\\",\\"tracing.sampled\\":\\"0\\",\\"page.type\\":\\"page\\",\\"content.version\\":\\"1\\",\\"page.title\\":\\"i.MX8M Other Articles\\",\\"macro.localId\\":\\"8e1617ad-b68d-451c-bbae-7f2731e32ff5\\",\\"macro.body\\":\\"\\",\\": = | RAW | = :\\":null,\\"space.id\\":\\"197689291\\",\\"macro.truncated\\":\\"false\\",\\"content.type\\":\\"page\\",\\"output.type\\":\\"email\\",\\"page.version\\":\\"1\\",\\"macro.fragmentLocalId\\":\\"\\",\\"content.id\\":\\"286982191\\",\\"tracing.traceId\\":\\"1bdc84e143fba9fe1495dbf857cff8c2\\",\\"macro.id\\":\\"a422e814-8666-4f73-be6d-6ad866c91100\\",\\"tracing.spanId\\":\\"7406f217edcfd9b9\\",\\"user.isExternalCollaborator\\":\\"false\\",\\"editor.version\\":\\"v2\\"}", "timeZone":"UTC", "origin":"https://refinedtheme-production.refinedwiki.com", "hostOrigin":"https://developer.resources.solid-run.com", "sandbox":"allow-downloads allow-forms allow-modals allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-top-navigation-by-user-activation allow-storage-access-by-user-activation", "apiMigrations": { "gdpr": true } } ; if(window.AP && window.AP.subCreate) { window.\_AP.appendConnectAddon(data); } else { require(\['ac/create'\], function(create){ create.appendConnectAddon(data); }); } // For Confluence App Analytics. This code works in conjunction with CFE's ConnectSupport.js. // Here, we add a listener to the initial HTML page that stores events if the ConnectSupport component // has not mounted yet. In CFE, we process the missed event data and disable this initial listener. const \_\_MAX\_EVENT\_ARRAY\_SIZE\_\_ = 20; const connectAppAnalytics = "ecosystem.confluence.connect.analytics"; window.connectHost && window.connectHost.onIframeEstablished((eventData) => { if (!window.\_\_CONFLUENCE\_CONNECT\_SUPPORT\_LOADED\_\_) { let events = JSON.parse(window.localStorage.getItem(connectAppAnalytics)) || \[\]; if (events.length >= \_\_MAX\_EVENT\_ARRAY\_SIZE\_\_) { events.shift(); } events.push(eventData); window.localStorage.setItem(connectAppAnalytics, JSON.stringify(events)); } }); }());

Commit message:

Fix 57 pages with Confluence JS macro content

homepage/iot-industrial-product-line/nxp-imx8-based-products/imx8m-other-articles.md, after:

# i.MX8M Other Articles

- [Blink LED when a button is pressed - GPIO/LED/Button Example](imx8m-other-articles/blink-led-when-a-button-is-pressed-gpio-led-button-example.md)
- [Boot from USB OTG - i.MX8M](imx8m-other-articles/boot-from-usb-otg-imx8m.md)
- [Building Chromium for i.MX8M Plus](imx8m-other-articles/building-chromium-for-imx8m-plus.md)
- [Building Newt Nimble BLEHCI firmware for the iMX8MQ NINA-B1 Module](imx8m-other-articles/building-newt-nimble-blehci-firmware-for-the-imx8mq-nina-b1-module.md)
- [Building OpenOCD for i.MX Platforms](imx8m-other-articles/building-openocd-for-imx-platforms.md)
- [eFuses for i.MX8M Mini SOM](imx8m-other-articles/efuses-for-imx8m-mini-som.md)
- [Getting started with HUMMINGBOARD 8P EDGE AI](imx8m-other-articles/getting-started-with-hummingboard-8p-edge-ai.md)
- [GPIO Pins Control - HummingBoard Pulse/Mate & i.MX8M Plus SOM](imx8m-other-articles/gpio-pins-control-hummingboard-pulse-mate-imx8m-plus-som.md)
- [GPIO Pins Control - HummingBoard Ripple/Pulse & i.MX8M Mini SOM](imx8m-other-articles/gpio-pins-control-hummingboard-ripple-pulse-imx8m-mini-som.md)
- [HummingBoard Pulse/Ripple B2B Pin Mapping](imx8m-other-articles/hummingboard-pulse-ripple-b2b-pin-mapping.md)
- [HummingBoard Pulse/Ripple/Mate and Pro Boot Select](imx8m-other-articles/hummingboard-pulse-ripple-mate-and-pro-boot-select.md)
- [i.MX8M Ethernet MAC Address Fusing](imx8m-other-articles/imx8m-ethernet-mac-address-fusing.md)
- [iMX8MP EEPROM Programming - TLV](imx8m-other-articles/imx8mp-eeprom-programming-tlv.md)
- [SPI from Linux with spidev](imx8m-other-articles/spi-from-linux-with-spidev.md)
- [WiFi AP - HostApd](imx8m-other-articles/wifi-ap-hostapd.md)
